Added samples smoke tests (#1102)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: tests/samples_smoke_tests/README.md

These test executes IE samples on pregenerated IR

1. To run tests required installing some dependencies: 
    - pip3 install -r requirements.txt

> 2. Download archive with models and validation set: [samples tests data](https://d30ikxcvcet9xo.cloudfront.net/repositories/openvino/ci_dependencies/test/samples_smoke_tests_data.zip)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Download archive with models and validation set: [samples tests data](https://storage.openvinotoolkit.org/repositories/openvino/ci_dependencies/test/samples_smoke_tests_data.zip)
```

3. Set environment variables:
a. Required:
```sh
- IE_APP_PATH=<path to samples only for C++ and C samples>
- IE_APP_PYTHON_PATH=<path to python IE samples only for python samples>

> - PYTHONPATH=<path to model-optimizer-tensorflow>:<path to samples_smoke_tests>$PYTHONPATH>

Reviewer 2: we have no `model-optimizer-tensorflow` component for now

Author: Was removed
